[difftest] draft difftest organization doc (#774)
chipsalliance/t1: difftest/doc/organization.md

## Organizational Summary

`difftest` is a verification framework designed to separate the driver and diff test phases. The framework supports testing for two verification objects: `t1` and `t1rocket`. The basic structure and functionality are as follows:

### Directory Structure

1. **Top-Level Directory**
   - `Cargo.lock` and `Cargo.toml`: For project management and dependency configuration.
   - `default.nix`: Nix configuration file for building and managing the project environment.
   - `doc/`: Documentation directory containing information about the project organization and structure.

2. **Verification Object Directories**
   - `dpi_common/`: Contains shared library code, which are used across different verification objects.

>    - `dpi_t1/` and `dpi_t1rocket/`: Contain the TestBench code for `t1` and `t1rocket`, respectively. Each directory includes source files like `dpi.rs` and `drive.rs` that are used by Verilator to generate static library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `dpi_t1/` and `dpi_t1rocket/`: Contain the TestBench code for `t1` and `t1rocket`, respectively. Each directory includes source files providing the DPI library linked by emulator(vcs or verilator), these DPIs will be called by corresponding Testbench.
```

3. **Verification and Driver Directories**
   - `offline_t1/` and `offline_t1rocket/`: Correspond to the verification projects for `t1` and `t1rocket`, respectively. These directories include the main test code files, used for executing verification and testing.
   - `spike_interfaces/`: Contains C++ code files for interface definitions.
   - `spike_rs/`: Source files include `lib.rs`, `runner.rs`, and `spike_event.rs`, which provide the methods and tools needed during the verification phase.

### Workflow

1. **TestBench Generation**

>    - For each verification object (`t1` and `t1rocket`), corresponding TestBench code is used with Verilator to generate the static library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - For each verification object (`t1` and `t1rocket`), corresponding TestBench code is used with emulator to generate the static library.
```
